I'm drunk again, Akiretapoi
It's a little chilly in the morning
I'm drunk and I'm drunk
I'm singing, Akiretapoi
Ah...
When I look at the clouds in the sunset
I see the wind of my hometown
I'm the smoke of a pipe that goes out of the window
I'm singing, Akiretapoi
Mia-san
Kan-Gi-San
Look at that moon
I'll never forget it
For the rest of my life, this month, tonight, on the 17th of January
It's my mother's birthday
I'm singing, Akiretapoi
Takeo-san
Why do humans die?
Nami-san, what are you saying?
You'll live until you die
Even if I die, I'm your husband
What?
I'm your wife
My wife is my husband
My husband is my wife
It's been six months
It's been two months
I'm singing, Akiretapoi
The sound of the flute is blue
Oh, memories
The fireworks that flashed in the summer night sky
The youth that disappeared like a fleeting moment
There was a sweet melon scent at one time
And at another time, there was a gentle kiss
It was a gentle breeze
But now, it's gone
The memories are gone
The tone is rusty
The back is sad
The poet of France, Byron
Oh, you said something sweet